# iP.AI
The ChatGPT chat I am using for this project can be accessed at: https://chatgpt.com/share/678f824a-ac2c-8009-98aa-3d963f924adf

## Week 2:
This week (and probably for the whole project), I used ChatGPT-4o to work on the project. I started by feeding it as much context as I could about the project, and for each task I fed it as much context about each task by copying the instructions from the website. It worked very well overall, the only mistakes I encountered were at the end when trying to implement enumerations, which I had to go in and fix manually. While it probably didn't save any time for the earlier tasks which were extremely easy, it saved a lot of time in later tasks which involved writing a lot of code (ie. lots of functions along with their full responses)

## Week 3:
This week, I kept using ChatGPT-4o to help with the project. One problem I had was that I often had to remind ChatGPT of the latest version of my code since it sometimes forgot changes. However, it was very helpful, especially in reducing repetitive typing, like when creating different task types or writing similar methods. This was extremely useful when writing JavaDoc comments for all the methods. I also trained it on the coding standards for CS2103, which made sure the code it generated followed the right standards. Overall, I still had to check and fix some things myself, but the AI made the work much faster and easier.

## Week 4:
This week, I experimented between using ChatGPT and DeepSeek to evaluate which one is better. I gave both of them the same prompt, giving them the full context of the iP from the CS2103 website, along with the contents of all my Java files. I tried using both to work on the GUI, and they gave different answers. The DeepSeek response seemed to be more complete and resembled the tutorial more, so I went with the DeepSeek response initially. However, the code had some bugs, and I asked DeepSeek for help in debugging. However, I found that DeepSeek's servers were quite slow, and often it would fail to generate a response as the servers were busy. I ended up debugging the code manually based on what I learned from doing the GUI tutorial, and it worked.
